# Overview
This page describes the current project plan as it exists between revisions.
This plan should be pulling features from the [improvements list](IMPROVEMENTS_LIST.md) page.

# Version 0.4.0
- Implement base game features (trading, battles, interactions, etc).

# Version 0.3.5
- Implement necessary components to implement a gacha game (stats, profile/image storage, etc.)

# Version 0.3.0
- Implement a prompt list randomizer.  Adds comma-separated words to a prompt, with optional defaults.

# Version 0.2.0
- Note: The features in this version were paused due to implementation issues.
- Allow user-provided paths to be supplied for config files and other settings.

# Version 0.1.5
- Note: The features in this version were paused due to implementation issues.
- Override the base Queue class to expose the (remove) function from deque for the `/cancel` command.
  - File a complaint with cpython that they didn't already expose this.
  - Add job data back to jobs list so the queue data can be properly removed.
  - Add Queue clear() in the same manner for the `/flush` command.

# Version 0.1.0
- Respond to specific user requests with an embedded image and prompt list (positive and negative).
- Add prompt word filters (and maybe ban controls for users that attempt abuse).
- Implement rate-limiting features by Guild.
- Enforce a limit of 1 active request per user.
- Implement proper try/catch logic on requests that may need it.
- Create a release tag.

# Version 0.0.3
- Implement a basic ability to invoke and retrieve results from a SD Neural Network.
- Implement basic test commands to verify bot functionality.
- Update [README](README.md) with new commands, features, and usage.

# Version 0.0.2
- Rewrite slash interface to account for Discord's 3-second command timeout.
- Create a Queue and Queue Maanger for processing user requests from slash commands.
- Update configuration options to allow for a seaprate Queeu Manager.
- Add script [pre-reqs](requirements.txt).

# Version 0.0.1
- Implement a basic Discord 'slash command' interface for sending commands to the bot.
- Create a bot avatar (generated by a SD NN).
- Create a basic bot for testing.
- Separate out configuration and credentials options from the main code.
- Lay groundwork for sharding/background tasks, if apossible.
- Implement basic event/error logging (for debugging and runtime use).
- Prevent OS-specific paths/encoding/behavior. (i.e. make script platform independent).
- Add license, changelog, roadmap, and feature tracking files.